README.md, before:

# 🎮 LikuBuddy Extension

**Your persistent AI companion and terminal game hub, living right inside your CLI.**

LikuBuddy is a sophisticated Terminal User Interface (TUI) extension for the Gemini CLI. It transforms your terminal into an interactive game hub where you can play games, earn XP, and care for your AI companion, **Liku**.

Built with **React**, **Ink**, and **SQLite**, it offers a persistent state where your progress, high scores, and Liku's well-being are tracked across sessions.

## ✨ Features

### 🕹️ The Game Hub
A central dashboard to manage your activities. Check Liku's stats, launch games, or adjust settings.

```text
╭──────────────────────────────────────────────────────────╮
│                 🎮 LikuBuddy Game Hub 🎮                 │
│                    Your AI Companion                     │
│ ┌──────────────────────────────────────────────────────┐ │
│ └─Level: 11─XP: 106─Hunger: 90%─Energy: 15%─Happiness: ──┘ │
│   🎮 Let's Play                                          │
│   🍖 Feed Liku (XP -10, Hunger -20)                      │
│   💤 Rest (Energy +30, Hunger +10)                       │
│   ⚙️ Settings                                            │
│ > 🚪 Exit                                                │
╰──────────────────────────────────────────────────────────╯
```

### 🎮 Play & Earn
Play classic arcade games to earn **XP** and increase Liku's **Happiness**. But watch out—playing costs **Energy**!

*   **🐍 Snake**: Navigate the grid, eat food, and grow. Features multiple difficulty levels.
*   **❌⭕ Tic-Tac-Toe**: Challenge Liku to a duel. The AI adapts to your difficulty setting!
*   **🦖 Dino Run**: A side-scrolling physics runner. Jump over cacti and dodge flying bats in a living world.

### ❤️ Buddy System
Liku isn't just a menu; he has needs!
*   **Hunger**: Feed Liku using XP you've earned from games.
*   **Energy**: Liku gets tired after playing. Let him **Rest** to recover.
*   **Happiness**: Winning games makes Liku happy. Losing might make him sad (but he's a good sport).
*   **Leveling**: Earn XP to level up your profile.

### 💾 Persistence & Settings
*   **SQLite Database**: All stats, high scores, and settings are saved locally (`~/.gemini-liku/snake.db`).
*   **Themes**: Choose your vibe:
    *   `Default` (Cyan/White)
    *   `Matrix` (Green/Black)
    *   `Cyberpunk` (Yellow/Pink)
    *   `Retro` (Amber/Red)

## 🚀 Installation

1.  **Clone & Build**:
    ```bash
    git clone https://github.com/TayDa64/LikuBuddy.git
    cd LikuBuddy
    npm install
    npm run build
    ```

2.  **Install into Gemini CLI**:
    ```bash
    gemini extensions install .
    ```

3.  **Launch**:
    ```bash
    /liku
    ```

## 🛠️ Tech Stack

*   **Runtime**: Node.js
*   **UI Framework**: [Ink](https://github.com/vadimdemedes/ink) (React for CLI)
*   **Language**: TypeScript
*   **Database**: SQLite3 (via `sqlite3` native module)
*   **Architecture**: Component-based UI with a Singleton Database Service.

## 🤝 Contributing

Contributions are welcome! Check out the `src/ui/games` folder to add new games or `src/services` to enhance the backend logic.

---
*Generated by GitHub Copilot & Gemini 3 Pro*

Commit message:

Fix: Update README instructions and fix /liku command execution

README.md, after:

# 🎮 LikuBuddy Extension

**Your persistent AI companion and terminal game hub, living right inside your CLI.**

LikuBuddy is a sophisticated Terminal User Interface (TUI) extension for the Gemini CLI. It transforms your terminal into an interactive game hub where you can play games, earn XP, and care for your AI companion, **Liku**.

Built with **React**, **Ink**, and **SQLite**, it offers a persistent state where your progress, high scores, and Liku's well-being are tracked across sessions.

## ✨ Features

### 🕹️ The Game Hub
A central dashboard to manage your activities. Check Liku's stats, launch games, or adjust settings.

```text
╭──────────────────────────────────────────────────────────╮
│                 🎮 LikuBuddy Game Hub 🎮                 │
│                    Your AI Companion                     │
│ ┌──────────────────────────────────────────────────────┐ │
│ └─Level: 11─XP: 106─Hunger: 90%─Energy: 15%─Happiness: ──┘ │
│   🎮 Let's Play                                          │
│   🍖 Feed Liku (XP -10, Hunger -20)                      │
│   💤 Rest (Energy +30, Hunger +10)                       │
│   ⚙️ Settings                                            │
│ > 🚪 Exit                                                │
╰──────────────────────────────────────────────────────────╯
```

### 🎮 Play & Earn
Play classic arcade games to earn **XP** and increase Liku's **Happiness**. But watch out—playing costs **Energy**!

*   **🐍 Snake**: Navigate the grid, eat food, and grow. Features multiple difficulty levels.
*   **❌⭕ Tic-Tac-Toe**: Challenge Liku to a duel. The AI adapts to your difficulty setting!
*   **🦖 Dino Run**: A side-scrolling physics runner. Jump over cacti and dodge flying bats in a living world.

### ❤️ Buddy System
Liku isn't just a menu; he has needs!
*   **Hunger**: Feed Liku using XP you've earned from games.
*   **Energy**: Liku gets tired after playing. Let him **Rest** to recover.
*   **Happiness**: Winning games makes Liku happy. Losing might make him sad (but he's a good sport).
*   **Leveling**: Earn XP to level up your profile.

### 💾 Persistence & Settings
*   **SQLite Database**: All stats, high scores, and settings are saved locally (`~/.gemini-liku/snake.db`).
*   **Themes**: Choose your vibe:
    *   `Default` (Cyan/White)
    *   `Matrix` (Green/Black)
    *   `Cyberpunk` (Yellow/Pink)
    *   `Retro` (Amber/Red)

## 🚀 Installation

1.  **Clone & Build**:
    ```bash
    git clone https://github.com/TayDa64/LikuBuddy.git
    cd LikuBuddy
    npm install
    npm run build
    ```

2.  **Install into Gemini CLI**:
    ```bash
    gemini extensions install .
    ```

3.  **Launch**:
    You can launch LikuBuddy in two ways:
    
    **Option A: Via Gemini CLI Slash Command**
    ```bash
    /liku
    ```

    **Option B: Directly from Terminal**
    ```bash
    npm start
    # OR if installed globally
    liku
    ```

## 🛠️ Tech Stack

*   **Runtime**: Node.js
*   **UI Framework**: [Ink](https://github.com/vadimdemedes/ink) (React for CLI)
*   **Language**: TypeScript
*   **Database**: SQLite3 (via `sqlite3` native module)
*   **Architecture**: Component-based UI with a Singleton Database Service.

## 🤝 Contributing

Contributions are welcome! Check out the `src/ui/games` folder to add new games or `src/services` to enhance the backend logic.

---
*Generated by GitHub Copilot & Gemini 3 Pro*
